we want parties we won't pay these and I
want fries we won't Patties we met
patties and I want fries aren't square
will you make them stop saying we want
patties and we want fries no way don't
uh just go to read stop them okay
please stop no way word came free they
came here for patties just simple
patties and simple fries no we didn't
huh Squidward please just ask spongebob
for the patties okay spongebob hurry up
with the patties Squidward
you're useless you know that yeah I know
I'm going in to see what the boys doing
sponge out what are you doing in there
uh not playing with Patrick oh yeah
that's so obvious you are playing with
Patrick uh uh no I'm not going to have
you know I'm watching you right uh sorry
mr. Krabs it's my job what have I told
you about about goofing off with Patrick
during lunch rush
nothing at all no it's my job just get
those patties flying okay good okay
Patrick you're gonna have to leave oh
you said to leave so dude again say it
again sounds funny we've oh yeah you're
right Patrick leave does sound funny and
you know what other words sound funny
what can spongebob just a cooking okay
I better get the pan Oh funny funny
stuff spongebob
see you later okay bye Patrick it's bear
okay now we just have to wait for
spender to finish the next patty you
should be done in one minute one minute
later he's not done we want patties and
fries we want Patty's right we sorry and
fries settle down please settle down
where's spongebob I'm gonna go check on
the light again spydra what's that box
over there
not Patrick I totally fallen for that
spongebob I totally believe that that's
not that Italy scene you know
SpongeBob's not goofing off with Patrick
what was that see see you spongebob once
you say leave you can't stop saying it
leave Leave we we've so funnies Patrick
that's so funny
Oh leave is a funny word